
*Frank wants to give someone directions to his apartment, because Google Maps will only take them as far as the leasing office for his complex. He opens up the Map Storymaker and places points for the leasing office, his actual apartment, and a visitor parking lot, along with descriptions that include directions to each point. Having spent less than 3 minutes, he sends a link to the map to his guest. 
 
*Melinda's DEA contact recently took a helicopter ride over rural Afghanistan, in which he took dozens of pictures of poppy fields from the sky. To use the pictures as ground-truth to help make a map, Melinda dumps the entire directory of images into the Map Story bulk loader without adding an individual description to each image. She gets back a website that she can share with her analysts, which provides dozens of examples of poppy fields as they appear from the sky at different coordinates. 
 
*Kelly, a USA Today reporter, wants to add a map widget to an article about a robbery. She uses an image of the storefront as the first point, and because the image is geolocated the point's location is populated automatically. Because it is a project for work, she opens the HTML and swaps the default map symbology out for USA Today's branded template. 
 
*Toby recently participated in a middle school field trip to Valley Forge Park in Pennsylvania, to learn about the American Revolution. During the trip, he took many pictures of the various encampments and defensive sites he visited, along with some pictures of people reenacting a battle. For his report, he imports the pictures into Map Storymaker and annotates each of them with information he learned from his park visit. 
 
*Sarah and Steve use Map Storymaker to import their favorite pictures from their African Safari themed honeymoon. They add pictures of their various outings and the places where they stayed, and present the points in order so that the enduser can participate in the journey in the order in which it happened. The result is an interactive website they can share with their friends and relatives. To add a special touch, Sarah takes the core CSS styles and alters them to match the branding of their wedding website. 